Fix meta descriptions that have a rhetorical question (#4019)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/user-manual/uninstall/index.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out how to uninstall the Wazuh components in this section of our documentation. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out how to uninstall each Wazuh component with Open Distro for Elasticsearch and Elastic Stack
 in this section of our documentation. 
```
